## Conclusion and future work
{:#conclusion}

This paper introduced a decentralized publishing method for transit footpaths based on Delaunay triangulations. We have shown that different actors can add information to the footpath graph, splitting the work between them. The amount of paths scales linearly with the amount of public transit stops, and every stop is reachable from every other. This last property could prove useful in its own right, as it allows for unrestricted walking unlike conventional methods. However, this comes at the cost of precision; the walking distance between stops is consistently slightly overestimated which could cause route planners to discard the most optimal journeys. Future work could focus on comparing the results from a route planner with a complete footpath graph to the one as we describe in this paper. If the difference in quality is negligible our methods could prove useful even for centralized services. 

The approximations may still be improved with different kinds of point set triangulations and several triangulations could even be combined to create a more complete graph. Alternatively, combining the haversine distance and the currently approximated distance seems promising as well – although this could lead to underestimations. Another open question is how scalable this approach is when more modes of transportation are required. It seems undesirable to create separate graphs for bicycles, electric bikes, wheel chairs, etc. but they might be able to share information.