## Related work
{:#related-work}

The publication of transfer footpaths is closely related to the publication of road networks. The [Routable Tiles](cite:citesAsAuthority colpaert_eswc_demo_2019) dataset was recently proposed as a scalable and cost-efficient way to republish the OpenStreetMap roads using [Linked Data Fragments](cite:citesAsAuthority verborgh_jws_2016). The data is fragmented into _hierarchical tiles_, which are interconnected with hypermedia controls for _automatic data discovery_. This allows clients to find and download the data they need without having to ingest en entire data dump, while being significantly cheaper than a full-fledged querying API. 

Determining which stops have to be connected with each other can be seen as a problem in the field of computational geometry. One of the classical problems in this field is the creation of a _point set triangulation_. A point set triangulation of a set of points $$ P $$ can be defined as a maximal set of non-crossing edges between the points of $$ P $$. Any triangulation of $$ n $$ points has exactly $$ 3n - h - 3 $$ edges where $$ h $$ is the number of points on the convex hull. Triangulations are not unique however, and certain triangulations are [NP-hard to compute](cite:citesAsEvidence mulzer2008minimum). 

One particularly interesting triangulation, which can be computed in just $$ \mathcal{O}(n\log{}n) $$ time, is the _Delaunay triangulation_. <span class="todo">citation needed</span> This triangulation tries to maximize the minimum angle of all the triangles, effectively avoiding long and narrow triangles. The _Delaunay graph_, which is simply the graph representation of the triangulation, contains several other interesting graphs such as the [nearest neighbor graph and the minimal spanning tree of $$ P $$](cite:cites toussaint, matula1980properties). They are also known to be good approximations of complete graphs: the length of the shortest path between two points along Delaunay edges is at most [$$ 4 \pi / (3 \sqrt{3}) \approx 2.418 $$ times the Euclidean distance between them](cite:citesAsEvidence keil1992classes). 
